[Music]
goodbye
welcome to the Tosh home to statesman
and celebrities for over a century
Wow remember always in the Taj yes is
gone let's move
[Music]
[Laughter]
chaos has erupted in Mumbai with
multiple bombings and armed gunmen
rampaging through the city
look I don't think you understand
there's been an attack and win not safe
switch off the lights
terrorists have laid siege to the
landmark Taj
when as many as a thousand guests and
over 500 staff trapped inside
you should try to gather whoever we can
any of you have families at home there
is no shame in living I have been here
35 years this is my home
is on a hominid around or they are
local police are simply not trained to
deal with the tax of this magnitude to
stay alive and see them go down the
Backstairs in straight out the services
with the harassed with all die we take
our chances
[Music]
mother get through this we must stick
together
[Music]
you